From Hansel minutes.com and Tansel
minutes. Our weekly discussion with
web developer and technologists, Scott
Hanselman hosted by Carl Franklin. This
is Lawrence Ryan announcing show number
one 54. Recorded live Thursday,
March 19th, 2009. Support for Hanselman. This
is provided by Tellerik Reb
controls, the most comprehensive suite
of components for windows forms
and asp.net web applications. Our
line@wwwdottelerikdotcomandby.net developers journal the world's
leading.net developer magazine online at
www dot  dot com.
In this episode from mixed
Oh nine. Scott talks with
Chris woods, a program manager
on the mobile browser platform
team. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman, and this is another
episode of Hansel minutes, and
I'm here at Mixo nine
talking to Chris woods program
manager on the mobile browser
platform team, and something pretty
cool happened at mix. When
we were talking about mobile,
they released something on code
Plex with the MSPL, which
is our most permissive open
source license. Chris, what did,
what did you guys release?
We released the, a device
database, basically a database of
the top 500 devices that
we see on windows life.
And it provides a bunch
of capabilities for those devices
allows you to adapt to
the render content or mobile
handsets. So is a database,
but this is an app
or they call an app
browser file. Is that right?
Or dot browser file browser
file. And it is a
database that is effectively of
their glorified XML file. You
drop it into asp.net and
asp.net will automatically pick it
up. And I was playing
with all the capabilities you
needed automatically pass this, this
file for you, caches the
results. Now I remember years
and years ago when I
was doing mobile, there was
this browser capabilities section of
the web config, and it
would get bigger and bigger
and bigger. And the blogging
engine that, that I work
on called DAS blog ended
up having a 256 K
or 300 K web config.
Cause it was just full
of this really strange format.
Yeah. asp.net two. They introduced
this notion of the dot
browser file. Yes, that's right.
The dub browser file already
superseded the web config. Okay.
So this is something I
could drop in my site
now. And now do I
need a DLL to make
this work or all of
the existing kinds of things
that I call going to
going to work? Yeah. All
the existing stuff that you've
got works. There's no additional
binary that's needed. You just
simply drop the file into
your app, grabs his folder
slash mobile and then drop
it in there slash mobile.
And you're all set. It
just picks it up your
Apple refresh and you'll have
all the latest capabilities available
to you in your asp.net
page. So you said the
top five hundreds, like how
many, how many mobile devices
are there out there? Oh,
there's thousands. Thousands of devices.
So, but what we've done
is tried to pick the
most useful are the ones
These people are using. Cause
if I understand you actually
pick this from usage, you
didn't just make these up,
but you said these are
the top. These are the
ones that visited. Yeah. So
they, they reflect the most
popular browsers or most popular
mobile handsets that we see
hitting windows live. Particularly we
look at the Hotmail usage
figures. We can see who's
using what and these phones
appear to be the most
popular. Right? Yeah. And are
we talking 70% of them
are like, we can cover
70% or like 90%. I
mean, I'm looking at ballpark
Ballpark looking around 80, 85%.
Oh really? Okay. So we
can get a pretty good
sense of these things. Now
there's a number of different
levels of what I would
care about when I'm doing
mobile At the simplest level.
There's just, is it a
mobile browser or not? Yes.
So I could say something
like, you know, if request.browser.is
mobile. Yeah. Do this, otherwise
do that. Yeah. Yeah. That's,
that'd be the first sort
of level of customization that
you could apply. But we
supply a lot of we've
spliced, the 67 different capabilities
that you can query about
the incoming request, 67 capabilities,
67. So what are some
examples you can find out
if it's a touch screen
device, you can find out
some CSS support information. You
can find out what image
files, it supports, what Kodak's
video, codecs audio Kodak's, the
device will support. So if
you've got a photo site,
you could adaptively run the
photos or pick the appropriate
format. But if you're trying
to sell MP3s to a
mobile phone, you'd be able
to work out well, Hey,
it doesn't support MP3s, but
it supports AAC instead. Ah,
so that's a really interesting
example that just gave up
a gallery. So let's say
I've got an, you know,
flicker like site, I've got
a gallery and I've got
a bunch of files, but
let's say that I'm storing
them as a, as PNGs.
And I I've, I found
a phone today. Someone showed
me a mobile phone and
I tried to have them
test a mobile site that
I was working on. It
turns out that their phone
didn't support me. Yeah. There's
a surprising number of relativity
advanced handsets that you see
out there today that they
actually don't support panties at
all. If they've got a
broken image icon. Yeah. And
that's not a great user
experience. So without device data,
you'd know ahead of time,
this phone doesn't support a
PNG and you've got, you've
got a couple of choices
you could try and read
code the file on the
fly that might not be
proficient enough. You might have
precast versions of these images
floating about, you can pick
one of those instead. But
what we aim to do
is provide you as the
web developer enough information that
you can customize your site
based on what you need.
And one of the things
that I noticed that I
was looking for the list
of capabilities should there's 67
of them was that there
was a lot of granularity,
but it's not like it's
not exhaustive in the sense
of, it's not telling me
a bunch of stuff. I
wouldn't want to know. An
example would be like a,
you know, support CSS. That's
kind of an obvious thing
to ask, but one of
them was supports the CSS
background color property. So you're
actually telling me if the
phone supported this one specific
CSS. Yes. Because That's a
rule I would very likely
care about. Yeah. So there
is, what we've tried to
do is, well, internally we,
we have the 67 capabilities,
but we've tried to pick
67 capabilities. That would mean
something to a web developer.
There's other factors you could
have in there, for instance,
to support WML a, of
modern handsets can support WML
as a legacy, a throwback,
but there's no use to
most modern websites who wouldn't
use that. Anyway. Now, when
I was doing Mobile and
banking years ago, we were
talking to partners about Rayanne
coding and we would use
terms like web gateways and
WML, and WML this version
of them. And it was
really quite a miserable experience.
I almost feel like I
blinked and that just disappeared.
Is that a nonissue or
is that just a nonissue
in the, in the Western
world? What we're seeing is
that that the most well
used handsets are the ones
that have a good browse
experience on them. So we're
looking at the top 500
devices you'd seen, majority of
those would have hasty male
support of some kind. Now
of course, each to male
support varies widely between browsers
anywhere and particularly so in
the mobile sphere where browsers
will often say that they
support web standards, but really
don't, or even the same
browser and the different handset
will behave slightly differently. Really?
Yeah. We often find that
for instance, access a Chinese
company, they produce a browser
mobile browser. And as a
device manufacturer that and your
handset, they will customize that
browser for that handset. So
I've got, so if I'm
pulling out a new mobile
phone and it's got haptic
support and vibrates, when I
touch it and I want
a great touch feel, I'll
alter the code base code
base of the browser to
make it smoother. Slicker, give
me a better user experience.
You just picked access as
an example, but right. They
may not do it. It's
just, just to give you
a feel, Makes me feel
like that we're still in
an area we're still in
a, in a place right
now with mobile, that we're
going to be chasing our
tails to get a hundred
percent. I mean, you're not
going to ever going to
hit an awesome, awesome experience
on every single device. That's
a very tall order really
is what we're seeing in
our experiences, that there is
a consolidation and the market
is consolidating a bunch of
handsets and browsers, mobile browsers
that provide great, just a
great, great web browse experience.
So yeah, it's not going
to be possible to get
a a hundred percent all
the time. There's always the
long tail, but that long
tail is getting shorter effectively
as people consolidate. Well, when
you guys kind of contacted
me a couple of days
ago, and you gave me
this file a day or
two, before it started out,
I had been preparing a
talk for, for about nerd
dinner, nerd dinners, a website
I've got that, lets nerds
have dinner together. And, and
I said, Oh, wait a
second. This is going to
be cool. I can make
a mobile version. So I
sat down and I took
your file. Yep. I drug
it into app browser slash
mobile. And then I I'm
using MVC. Although you could
use this on NBC, or
you can use this on
wave forms. And I basically
wrote code that said, if
it's a mobile browser, look
for a view here in
slash mobile, otherwise look there.
So I just started with
what I was thinking. I
called it tiny HTML and
it was just the simplest
possible thing that would work.
It was like input box
button, and then unordered list.
Oh, you know, that's really
interesting because I'm customizing for
a mobile handset or any
mobile experience. Isn't just about
reformatting the page. So it
looks good. The user experience
on the phones, different people
do different things with a
mobile phone. So why am
I wanting to go check
no dinner out when I'm,
when I'm out and about
with a mobile phone? Well,
now you're questioning The whole
reason to put it on
mobile. But an example would
be that we had a
nerd dinner on Tuesday. Yeah.
And a guy was walking
to the dinner And couldn't
remember where it was. Exactly.
So this is slightly different
use case, which is interesting.
Cause I thought he'd want
to search for them To
get directions, which I hadn't
even thought about. Yeah. So
I sent him to a
page that showed an address,
but that didn't do him
any good. Yeah. So then
one of your, one of
your guys that was helping
me out with this said,
well, why don't you link
the address to a mobile
version of a map site?
Exact. So I ended up
linking into the mobile version
of live.com where then he
could find his way to
the thing. Excellent. And then
another guy said, well, I
saw your phone number there,
but I couldn't click on
it. Yeah. So then I
made that a link that
they could click on that
would cause the phone Call
out except to call link.
Yeah, exactly. So all those
things started making me realize
that is the, I literally
thought I was porting. I
was down porting my desktop
app. You know, I think
that's just it's most people
think damn postings what you're
doing and that's not it
at all. Yeah. Customizing for
this mobile experience and really
taking advantage of what a
phone provides. It's in my
pocket all the time. I
have it with me. So
they use this scenario as
a slightly different, how do
I get, how do I
get to where I need
to go? So very common
scenario and then it's, well,
how do I speed that
up? Because every click on
a mobile phone takes a
long time, mobile data connections
is still quite clunky. So
minimize the clicks and give
me the data fast. Right.
Right. And it's interesting. And
what, well, one of the
things that's frustrating is that
a guy with a phone
in the head GPS visited
nerdina.com and it introduces him
to a box that says
where and a button. And
he says, well, my phone
knows where I am. Yeah.
Why can't your application? Figure
that out. And I don't
know the state of geolocation
and browsers and stuff. So
I was like, well maybe
there's some JavaScript I could
call. I mean, are we
getting that stuff straightened out
yet? I would. Yes. I
mean, there's some great W3C
standards right now. It's just
going through the pipe are
gonna provide web developers for
JavaScript access to location information.
So some really great location
stuff coming through in the
pipeline. It's not there quite
yet. I see. But soon
I'm gonna be able to
fill out that box for
him. You think? I, I,
I think so. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Another thing that I
thought was interesting that I'm
still getting my head around
is that the live site
uses a very interactive scrollable
virtual earth map. But then
the mobile one, I haven't
figured out yet how to
request a static version of
the map. Really. I know
that it's possible, but that's,
it, it also changed the
interaction model because in the
live site you interact with
them app and on the
mobile one, I would just
really want to generate a
graphic of a map. Yes.
So send that down. It's
excited, slight to slightly different
use of the same technology.
So I'm going to continue
to kind of add on
to that. But so far
I've made an iPhone version,
a windows mobile version, and
then kind of an other
where other is as simple
as possible. Yeah. I've seen
it running on my, in
95. It was pretty. So
you got to know Kia.
Yeah. Right. And that worked
okay. I did. Yeah. Now
one of the things that
was a, it was interesting.
Cause I, I put it
up on the wind mobile
and I called a guy
who had a windmill wants,
said, check this out. And
he ended up with a
scroll bar that went horizontally
way, way, way, way off
in the corner. And my
buttons were incredibly wide and
everything like that. And he
said, well, there's this notion
of a viewport, what's the
deal with this viewport meta
information. So it turns out
that there was a series
of meta-tags you can put
on a mobile device that
they listen to. This it's
sits exists inside of your,
your head that says the
portion of the view that
I want you to show
in the area where scroll
bar should start and stop
is is here. This is
where your file came in
to place. Yep. So I
got to say request dot
browser, and then I could
treat it as a dictionary
and say screen width. Yes.
Screen height. And this particular
device was a three 20
by two 40. So I
was able to dynamically write
out this viewport information. And
I took my existing view,
my ASP X page. And
now I didn't have to
make another whole view. Yeah.
And this was a really
important thing. I thought I
was going to have to
pick five, 10, 12 phones
and make a bunch of
views and test a bunch
of views. Yeah. It turns
out that that default view
can be made richer by
doing a couple of, not
necessarily conditionals, but by saying,
Hey, if, if you know
your width and height, I
can help make things. Excellent.
Yeah. And that's a great
use of the data that
we provide because that's how
you intend that kind of
thing to be. And we
also supply not just the
screen width and height, but
we also supply the available
browse width and height is
slightly different because we take
into account that some browsers,
for instance, and some handsets
we'll put in a title
bar at the top, which
consumes some spaces. You know,
that's interesting because by default,
I ended up with a
chest, a little bit of
a vertical scroll bar. There
we go. I need to
switch that to available. How
do you collect all of
this? I mean, it, you
just have a bunch of,
a lot of, I mean,
that's a lot, it's a
ridiculous amount of data. There's
a huge amount of data
and we collect it from
various sources. So we have,
we take data in from
waterfall. You take data, the
second person you mentioned Warfield.
Yeah. So talk to me
about, about what that is,
is a, an open source
supplier of device data information,
and it has thousands of
devices listed on it. And
that information is freely available
to anybody can come along
and pick it up and
use it. We consume that.
What we've found though, is
that in our experience, some
of the data that's in
there hasn't been as accurate
as it could be just
been entered wrong or somebody
who's taken a guess and
some capability values. We combine
that in a database internally
with data from UA profile.
So device manufacturers, when they
release a new device, put
up an XML schema, which
describes what that device is
and its browse capabilities. The
profile means user agent profile.
Yeah. And as a device
makes a request to a
web server, it includes the
link, the URL to where
you can find that UAE
profile that XML fine. Where
is that? Is that man?
The header that's in the
HTTP header. Yeah. Really The
mobile devices are, all of
them are good ones, good
ones, good ones include data
about themselves. Yes. So then
you can find that when
you log the headers and
go look and say, well,
I've never seen it. Yeah.
So we, we log headers
from windows live and we
can see the UI profiles
that come in. We take
that UAE profile. We go
along and get that information
and put that into a
database. I mean, obviously you
could, if you really wanted
to go away and make
a request at the time
you get the request in
for the handset, make that
request to the URL, pull
down the exponent, pass it.
But it's just not, yeah.
That wouldn't make any sense.
Yeah. You'd just be wasting
time. Yeah. As an academic
exercise, it might be interesting,
but That's cool. So you're
consuming information from this one
open source project, combining it
with data of your own
from various sources and then
releasing it again as, as
open source. Yeah. We get,
we also get input from,
from carriers. Some of the
operators will come into us
and say, Hey, we're releasing
a new device. We need
to, we need it. We
would love a Hotmail to
work well on it. Love
I am to work well
on it. So we go
away and try and customize
for that. Now I bumped
into a very interesting edge
case that I think is
not necessarily a completely interesting
as an edge case, but
interesting because it's representative of
the kind of things that
are going on under the
covers. I was trying to
use the W3C validator to
find out about my, my
desktop site. And it told
me, which is an ex
H XHTML strict site, but
the validators that I was
ex HTML basic, that's it,
that's strange. The only thing
I have that's XHTML basic
is my mobile site. Well,
it turns out that one
of the devices, I think
it's a Nokia six Oh
six. Yep. Happens to use
a very greedy, regular expression
that says if the number
six Oh six appears anywhere
in the user agent. Yes.
That's a Nokia. Well, a
couple of days ago, apparently
the WTC validator got rev
to version 1.0 0.606. So
now the validator shows up
as a Nokia device. I
think that's a really interesting
problem because you have to
find some aspect of the,
of the signature, the fingerprint
that you can identify. That's
a Nokia, that's a Samsung.
Yes. So the, the dot
browser file itself is made
up of regular expressions like
you were saying, right. And
it's a node basis, a
tree structure. Right. So based
on the outcome of a
regular expression, determines what way
you flow down that path.
And by building this up,
we have this set of
capabilities. So we're able to
determine if we can determine
first on the handset and
then on the browser. Right.
So it could be a
windows mobile device that's running
opera or windows mobile device
is running. I E so
we'd have the base set
of capabilities for the screen,
width and height, but that's
not going to change. Right.
But the browser characteristics will
change so we can build
it up. And we use
the UAA string as the
key for this, because it
contains both pieces of information.
Right. I we'd love to
say that we're a hundred
percent accurate all the time.
Yeah. But we're not, I
mean, it's a tough job.
Well, it's a tough job
because you, you naively one
would think that, Oh, well
this is just a key
and a hash table somewhere.
Yeah. But UAA strings are
freeform. People have tried to
say, well, here's the segment
for platform and here's the
segment for this. And then
they, then now they've become,
you know, paranthetically instead of
parents medicals with, you know,
semicolon, delimited payers, that's quite
a bit of mess parse.
One of the interesting things
that we found we found
also is that web crawlers
have started to identify themselves
as mobile because Hey, you
know, I can crawl the
web and I'm not getting
as much data back. Oh
no. So that too poses
some interesting. Yeah. That's interesting
because I, in my down
porting exercise, present, you know,
possibly less information. Yeah. So
if, if a web crawler
starts showing up and they
inadvertently get that, that's going
to be an interesting thing.
And here I am now
sniffing to give the user
the best experience, but I've
just realized that I don't
know what Google or live
or act.com is going to
see yeah. When they show
up. So that means that
I need to do testing
using known user agent strings
of popular spiders, which I'm
sure that you do. Yes,
we do. But this is
kind of a, it sounds
like a mobile best practice.
Yes. Yeah. So we, we
do have some very strict
constraints around what we put
into this, this file. And
we make a good effort
to make sure that we
don't include, or we exclude
deliberately exclude the crawlers. What
do you think of best
practices with regard to the
sub domains? It seems that
kind of spontaneously the world
has decided that m.whatever.com is
a good way to get
to a mobile site. Well,
that's an interesting question. Cause
I just had a conversation
with.mobi who have the.mobi extension
and they would, they're like
a people. Yeah. Yeah. They
are. They're a group of
consortium. They're, they're a company
they're also based in Dublin.
Oh really? So they manage
the.mobi top level in Ireland,
not Dublin, Ohio. Yeah. Dublin.
So they manage the.mobi domain
and they would rather that
you use to really, I
wonder why. Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
M dot, whatever.com. It's just
such an elegant Way to
do things, you know, testing
in house. One of the
most annoying things we found
is you create a website
and you need to test
it. And a bunch of
devices just typing in the
URL and the T nine
keyboards can be bit tiresome,
especially if you have to
do it 50 times in
different handsets. So you tiny
URLs come in really handy
for that. Really? The, I
have a wondering if I
should have m.nerdina.com or COVID
Well, it's interesting. Cause you'd
expect your mobile users to
know that they should go
to M dot or would
you automatically redirect? That's an
interesting question. And I think
this is a windows mobile
has, this has this quote
unquote problem. And the iPhone
does too, Where they are
on a street, Wrong device.
They are on a mini
company. Yeah. And often they
know that, okay, They're going
to move more likely to
hit www.something.com. Yeah. I'm noticing
more and more sites that
are detecting and forcing the
user to a particular Experience.
Yes. Self included. I'm realizing
that I haven't figured out
quite what the best practices,
if I should have at
the bottom of my site
view in standard view, in
a mobile. Because right now,
if an iPhone hits my
site, they're stuck. Yes. Locked
down. I will not show
them the desktop. Yep. Well,
on windows, windows, mobile, there's
an option to say, I
am a desktop browser I
experienced. Yeah. Or I'm a
pocket browser. Yeah. Which is
a little more intuitive from
a developer's perspective, but not
something I think my mom
would really care. No, no.
And you know, the soap
was down to what is
the user experience? Not just
the rendered content. What do
you want to provide your
user when he's using it
on a, or she's using
it on a mobile phone?
That's the real key It's
like, what do they want
to do from my point
of view on a nerdier
side, I don't think hosting
a nerd dinner, like the,
the actual initiation of the
hosting of the dinner is
an appropriate mobile thing. Yeah.
So that makes me wonder
on the Hotmail side, what
are some things that you've
decided are not something that
someone would want to do?
So that would really be
a question for the Hotmail
team, but I can give
you some insight. I know.
I realize you're not the
Hotmail team. Yeah. So help
me out kind of canonical
example, well, help miles assist
the team in that they
do sit beside us. And
So other mobile sites that
you think where someone has
said, you know, this is
not the kind of thing
that a mobile user would
want to do or the
experience can't be good. Yeah.
By virtue of the fact
That's mobile. Well, you know,
what's really interesting is the
Twitter site, you check that
out on the mobile Twitter
site. So it provides some
really good, really strong scenarios
for mobile stuff. So I
can read messages really quickly
and I can create a
new message, but I can't
search. Yep. Which sucks. And
you couldn't do replies for
the longest time, which was
It's mobile people. A lot
of mobile people are not
using Twitter apps yet, you
know? Yeah. They find the
site is so light Wait.
And in fact, come on,
it's been a year. Can
we look at our replies?
Yes, exactly. And now, now
of course we have replies
and now we want search.
Yep. Be some technical reason
for not doing that. Or
the experience can't Be a
good one or perhaps they've
just not completed the deep
experience. But in general, what
we've found for mobile scenarios
is the input method on
a mobile phone right now.
Isn't great. Even on the
iPhone, you're not going to
write an essay using that
touch screen. It's a good
user experience, but it's not,
not nothing you're going to
sit and write or a
piece on. Right. Is it
also tabbing tech quote unquote
tabbing between Yeah. To move
between fields is difficult. Yes.
So what people are using
the phones for is reading
and consuming content and trying
to quickly access that content.
So that's more important than
being able to input long
messages. So Twitter is great
because you're constrained by the
text message, length information. So
it's a good fit for
a mobile phone. But what
I'm interested in when I
go to Twitter would probably
be, I want to read
my messages. I want to
quickly search my messages and
I don't want to have
to type because typing is
painful. So the last number
of clicks I've got the
better. Yeah. And if I've
got to do a web
refresh for a full page
refresh, that's bad as painful
because the data connection's going
to be slow and I'm
going to wait for the
reply. And you know, I'm
on a mobile phone, I'm
in a rush, I'm stuck
in traffic. I'm trying to
get to an, a dinner.
I don't know where it
is. And I'm trying to
type on the keyboard. Yeah.
Well certainly I don't know
why you're texting while driving.
Oh, well I've seen, I
never do that. You know,
it's one of the things
also that's interesting is these,
these interactions with what the
expectation is when I click
on a link, I know
there's a lot of people
who feel very strongly that
they don't like it. IPhone
will intercept a link to
Google maps You out of
the browser and into Google
maps. Yeah. They actually see
that. Yeah. So some people
would say, you know, pragmatist
might say, well, this is
a great experience. That's what
the user would expect while
a purist might say, no,
we should be going to
a tiny map site and
they should be given the
choice. And then also these
a T L colon slash
slash links where someone can
say, well, I want to
know Good call. Yeah. Click
to call links. Okay. Is
that a standard or does
someone just decide one day
Tel colon Wacker call two
was going to be something.
Yeah. Protocol. It is a
mobile standard CS. You will
see that. Okay. So someone
decided that yeah. I've always
decided to someone or did
someone just come out and
do it? I think it's
probably general general agreement. It's
defacto staff. Yeah. So it,
you know, the clinical, stuff's
just so useful. I mean,
you know, the old Nakia
browse is on series 40,
for instance, would try to
PrePass the website and work
out. It was look, there's
a string of numbers. It's
probably a telephone number, your
account number for your bank.
You can now call it.
Yeah, exactly. That's really useful.
So why don't I introduce
the tail tag? So it's
a H ref tail and
then your mobile number or
whatever number you want. Right.
And you can have a
name associated with it now.
So I can say Scott,
call Scott, click this button.
Really? How do you do
that? Well, it's just use
a tag tail, put it
in. And then his label
for the tail you put
in. So it doesn't have
to be a number shown
on the screen. It can
be a person's name or
that's a restaurant that you're
going to meet at. Are
there any other ones, other
ones like SMS, colon or
something? I think there is.
Yeah. Huh. Now where can
people find this information? Because
I'm not a mobile expert,
but if I want to
start getting better at this,
do I just spend time
with the W3C? Is that
I would recommend starting there?
Yes. They have. W3C has
some great mobile recommendations, best
practices for web development. That'd
be a great starting place,
but really once you've got
the basics down and you
know, the rough standards that
are out there, the real
key is this user scenario.
Cause this, these clicks take
forever, really take them away.
So really focusing on the
experience, not down porting it,
I had as I have,
but thinking about how will
they interact with this and
how can I save them?
Yeah. And the material you
see in the web mainly
concentrates on let's, let's really
think about a seamless user
interface, making this really slick,
really smooth and a couple
of very good key scenarios.
And I think that's something
you see Apple do a
lot in their products. There's
one way to do something
and they do it really
well. But if you wanted
to add options and change
things, or it's not quite
the way you want to
do it often doesn't work
out. So good. So where
can I go on code
Plex to get this MTBF
copex.com DBF. So it's a
mobile browser data file. M
D B f.copex.com. I hope
so. And we can get
that right now and we
can bring that into our
applications and I'm going to
put a post up. That'll
be up by the time
you're listening to this show,
explaining how to use this
on a NSF MVC. And
I'm sure there'll be some
samples out there for web
forums as well, to explain
how to use this. Yeah.
Just go up to our
complex site. You can download
this file and use it
in your applications today. We'd
love to get feedback, like,
like knock Eric six Oh
six example. Yep. We're not
always a hundred percent. Let
us know. So you'll take
the feedback and issues and,
and patches and stuff and
you'll do something with it.
Yeah. We will. We, we
plan to roll out updates
to this file, but it
will be based on community
feedback. So if somebody in
the community is using this
file and we've got something
wrong, if you tell us,
we'll do our best to
update it and get any
release Out. Cool. And then
where can, where's the main
place for mobile people to
get into the, the live
mobile platform, mobile.life.com mobile.live.com, not
M dot line, I guess,
mobile. That likes to come.
All right. Well, thanks so
much, Chris, for talking to
me today about, about mobile
and making it better. This
has been another episode of
Hansel minutes. We'll see you
again next week. .